[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu split in two--
his anger taking physical form
as a being of pure evil!
Buu gonna turn you
into chocolate!
Eeh!
[screams]
Mmm!
[groans]
[yells]
[NARRATOR] A second
transformation took place,
as Evil Buu's
ingestion of Majin Buu
resulted in Super Buu!
[bellows]
This is bad!
This transformation must
have changed his awareness.
He can sense our energy now!
[NARRATOR] The most
powerful Majin Buu yet
has found the Lookout!
Our heroes face
certain defeat! Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[CHICHI growls]
[CHICHI]
Ugh!
Now! Now's my chance!
I can knock him off!
Hey! Stop it, Chichi!
No! Don't do it!
--Leave us alone!
--No! Wait!
[CHICHI]
Hey, you! Stop right there!
[DENDE gasps]
Don't try it!
The fall of Buu!
[PICCOLO]
No!
Uh--
[OX KING]
Chichi, are you okay?!
I can't let it happen.
I can't let my little boy
fight that thing anymore! Daddy!
[sobbing]
[OX KING]
Oh, Chichi!
What's he doing? He's creepy.
He's worse than fat Buu.
Mommy!
Goten, wake up!
Come on, wake up! Wake up!
You gotta
get up right now!
Are you gonna
eat that slice of pie?
Stop talking in your sleep!
Buu's right outside the Lookout!
Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
He's... He's not attacking us?
But, why?
[PICCOLO grunts]
Huh?
[SUPER BUU]
Hm.
[ALL gasp]
Uuuuh... What now?!
[BOTH snoring]
[yells]
[CITIZENS gasping]
[CITIZENS screaming]
[MR. SATAN]
Uuuh!
[MR. SATAN, BEE whimper]
Hold on!
It'll all be over soon!
Ah! Tien, help!
Chiaotzu!
[ALL yelling]
[screaming]
[yells]
Forgive me,
people of Earth; I beg you.
I swear we'll find
the Dragon Balls
to bring you all back
and set things right.
I've destroyed
all remaining Earthlings.
Now the Challengers.
Bring them to me right now.
[neck cracks]
I will. But please give them
some time to prepare
so they can give you
a real fight. Please!
They only need two hours.
One would even work!
Please, Buu!
[neck cracks]
Just one hour?
And how long is that?
[PICCOLO] When all the sand
in this glass has dropped,
the hour is up.
--[neck cracks]
--[SUPER BUU groans]
No wait!
Why not? You're all-powerful,
but you can't spare an hour?
Goten and Trunks'll never
run from a fair fight.
You better watch
your mouth, woman.
Wait! Don't do it!
That girl is the daughter
of Mr. Satan!
[SUPER BUU grunts]
If she wants you
to give them an hour,
then you know Mr. Satan
would want that, too.
[SUPER BUU growls]
She does smells just like him.
They must be related.
All right, I'll wait.
But when that sand is gone,
I'll kill you all.
Including the daughter.
♪
[BOTH snoring]
[gasps]
Yes! You're up!
You guys have gotta get to
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber
and start training right now!
Wow, that was a close call.
Just what the hell's
going on up there?
Must be bad.
[whines]
It'll be okay. Buu was just
launching some fireworks.
[laughing]
What's wrong?
Do you sense something?
They're... gone...
They're all dead...
Every last person.
What? Are you sure?
Is the earth
completely destroyed?
Is everything gone?
No, aside from major cities,
the earth is mostly undamaged.
I can't comprehend
this many victims.
--Hey, Elder Kai!
--Mm?
Is this ceremony
of yours done yet?
By my count, we should have
finished hours ago!
Oh! I must have
lost track of time.
You're right. I should be
almost done with it.
[GOHAN grunts]
Well, the ceremony is
running longer than usual,
so I'll bet by the time
we finish this up
your powers will be
beyond incredible!
I have had enough of this!
[yelling]
[GOHAN grunts]
There's no way
your crackpot scheme
will help me defeat... Majin...
Uh, what was that?
That crazy power
I felt inside me. Wait.
Does that mean
it really worked?
All right, sit down and relax.
The more you stomp around
with a bee in your bonnet,
the more time this'll require!
Yes, sir! I'm sorry
I lost my temper.
[ELDER KAI laughing]
[GOHAN] I feel really bad
for doubting you.
[ELDER KAI continues laughing]
Well, that's a relief.
Part of me still thought he was
just a crazy old geezer!
Now, now.
Don't forget Elder Kai
is my relative from
15 generations ago.
So he says.
This hidden power's
something Gohan was born with
but hasn't been fully able
to tap into yet, right?
I believe that's true.
But if then that's the case,
there's no way
of really knowing how much
potential strength
my boy has buried inside him.
Hey! Gohan, guess what, son?
You could be the strongest ever!
Man, Majin Buu
got even freakier!
His whole personality
has changed, too.
[PICCOLO]
And don't forget his strength.
Everything about Buu's
become more powerful
since he took this new form.
Now you both see it.
This is why you have train in
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
For every minute
that ticks by out here,
you can train for
six hours in there.
So get to it!
[GOTEN]
Uh?
Hey! Where's she going?
[PICCOLO]
What?
What? What the heck
is Chichi doing?!
She's gone mad!
Mm! Listen up!
You're not gonna get away
with killing my Gohan!
Bring him back
or you're gonna get it!
[ALL gasp]
[BOTH gasp]
[CHICHI grunts]
You turn into egg.
[CHICHI yells]
[ALL yell]
[gasping]
My... mom's gone.
[GOTEN] He crushed her.
Like she was nothing!
I'll kill him.
I'm gonna kill him!
[PICCOLO]
Goten, control yourself!
Face him now,
and you'll surely lose!
My mom! He killed my Mom!
Goten.
Listen. The Dragon Balls
will allow us to bring
everyone back to life,
including your mom and Gohan.
But we can only do that
once you and Trunks
defeat Majin Buu.
Unfortunately, you won't win
at your current levels.
So you have to step back,
take a breath,
and use every minute
you have left to train.
[GOTEN sniffs]
--Do you understand?
--[GOTEN] Yeah.
C'mon, Goten. Let's get started!
We'll train harder
than we've ever trained,
and then we'll pound the pink
right out of Majin Buu! 'Kay?
Let's do it.
[TRUNKS groans]
Wow. It sure is hot in here.
You'd think someone
would put in AC by now.
And not only do I feel hot,
I feel heavy. Right, Goten?
[GOTEN grunting]
Uh. Hey, you know
there's no rush, right?
'Cause an hour outside
is like 15 days in here.
Man, two weeks
without AC. This sucks.
Uh! Huh?!
[grunts]
They can't expect us to
live on that while we're here.
[grunts]
Hey, Goten!
All I found for food is
a bowl of flour and water.
I guess part of our training
is "how to live on gruel."
It's totally bonkers--
[GOTEN]
Hyaaa!
[grunting]
Hey, wait for me! Ow!
Goten, we're supposed
to train together!
--[VIDEL] Uh, excuse me.
--[PICCOLO] Hm?
[VIDEL]
The way you talked earlier--
you made it sound
like Majin Buu knows
and respects my dad.
Is that true?
Yes.
[VIDEL] So, are they friends?
That sounds so weird.
Well, I think so--yeah.
Somehow, your father's
become the one person
Majin Buu trusts and to whom
he lets his guard down.
While we kept trying
to use force to stop Majin Buu,
it seems Mr. Satan,
for reasons whether
selfish or otherwise,
approached him
with good humor and friendship.
[gasps]
There's no better proof of
Majin Buu's affection for him
than the fact he's
destroyed all of humanity,
save your father.
No matter how violent
and powerful a beast
Buu has transformed into,
he still feels a loyalty
to his one friend.
He may not be able
to match a Z Fighter
in single combat, but your
father's quick thinking
shows that he's worthy of
the title of "World Champion."
My dad.
[SUPER BUU grunts]
[grunts]
[bellows]
That is enough!
I wait no more!
[PICCOLO]
No!
Buu, don't. Thirty
minutes haven't even passed yet!
You have to honor our agreement!
No, no. Your time is up.
[growls]
Now we fight.
I kill the true challengers!
--[screams]
--[SUPER BUU bellows]
--[PICCOLO] Come on!
[SUPER BUU continues]
[KRILLIN]
Why me?
We have to get
Goten and Trunks out of
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
They're strong enough to defeat
Majin Buu now, right?
Stop rushing them!
They just went in there!
[SUPER BUU continues]
[KRILLIN grunts]
[moans]
Did I miss anything?
All right. I'll let you
fight them. Let's go.
[SUPER BUU]
Mmmm.
[VIDEL gasps]
[PICCOLO]
Follow me.
[ALL gasp]
[whispers]
Wait, a second.
If Piccolo's taking Majin Buu
to fight Goten and Trunks,
does that mean
he's letting him into
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber?
[KRILLIN] I guess he is.
I don't get why
he'd ever wanna
let Buu in there.
Piccolo must see it
as an insurance policy,
in case something goes wrong
and Goten and Trunks
lose the battle.
He'll destroy the portal
to the Chamber,
trapping them inside while
we use the Dragon Balls
to bring back Buu's victims.
Since the Chamber exists
in a different dimension
from ours, Buu will never
be able to return.
--[gasping]
--[YAMCHA] Hey!
[gasps]
But if the Chamber's sealed off,
what happens
to Trunks and Goten?
They'll be fine.
If Piccolo destroys the door,
that probably means
they've died anyway,
so we'll just bring them back
with the Dragon Balls.
[ALL]
Mm.
Piccolo's smart.
Gambling on the boys
is so ballsy it just might work.
Ooh. Rubby, rubby!
Like an apple!
[grunts]
[SUPER BUU]
Keep going higher?
[PICCOLO]
That's right.
Seriously.
[ROSHI] The destination
makes the journey worth it.
[BULMA]
We're going this way!
Why can't you take
pity on a tired old man?
It does seem like
Piccolo's taking
the scenic route to the chamber.
Yeah, all he had to do
was take a left at the
last corner and they'd be
right at the entrance.
[KRILLIN] He's stalling to buy
more time for the boys.
Remember what he said about
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber:
One minute out here is equal
to six hours in there!
Still more? How much further?!
Soon, Buu. They're down here
on the very bottom level
of this structure.
[SUPER BUU] Down? But all this
time we've been going up!
[PICCOLO] I'm afraid
that's just how it is.
♪
[NARRATOR] Majin Buu has
transformed into a being
of murderous evil!
Goten and Trunks
are training hard
in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber!
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] And Elder Kai's shown
himself to be the real deal!
His bizarre ceremony has put
Gohan closer than ever
to unleashing the full scope
of his inner powers!
The final battle with Buu begins
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Well, it looks like Buu's
patience has run out.
I just hope Trunks and Goten
have finished their training.
[PICCOLO] Goten! Trunks!
Your showdown with Buu
is upon us! Fuse into
Gotenks and show me
how much stronger you've gotten!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Finally!
Goten and Trunks are ready!
The end of Majin Buu is near!